# NBA_Stats_Analyzer
NBA Stats Analyzer features a linear regression model to accurately figure out how many point a player can score against a given team. The file, "all_seasons (1).csv" features the basic statistics of every player in the NBA during the 2022-2023 season and "teams.csv" features the game by game stats for Stephen Curry, an NBA player. The "main.py" code features a hard coded test case for the code by finding the amount of points Stephen Curry can score against the Houston Rockets. However, the "nbaAnalysis.py" code is able to take in parameters in order to find the result for any NBA player and any NBA team. For this version however, the user has to upload the pathname of the csv file which has the game by game stats of the player they want to analyze. In order to obtain this information, go to https://www.basketball-reference.com/ and search up the player who's game by game stats you want. Under the player's season and career stats, click on the game log tab and the NBA season of your choosing. After this, scroll down to the data and click the share & export button which is next to the glossary. Once clicked, select "Modify, Export & Share Table" and click the comma-seperated option in the yellow box which pops up after. Then, copy everything in the notepad besides the first and last lines which don't contain any valuable data. Then, make sure to paste it into a csv file with the column names appearing as the first line in it. Once that is done, the code can be run after inputting the player's name, the team he is going against, and the pathname to the csv file which holds the player's game by game stats.  
